(1.)  What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When initializing a repository, all I need is a folder in which to initialize
it, as well as some files on which to initialize it.

(2.)  How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

It's the pergatory of version control.  Since many of the commits affect a
repository server-side, the staging area is a place commits can hang out
until the user has access to the internet.  Once the user has access, the
commits can affect the server-side repository.

(3.)  How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I can first enusure the file about to be committed only has one logical
change.  Then I can add any other files to the staging area that will be
changed by the commit.

(4.)  What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches are a great way to check out something new, take the code in a new
direction, or build in an alternative.  The whole idea is to allow the user a
chance to try something without breaking what he's already created.  It gives
him freedom to play around without fear of ruining his work.

(5.)  How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Humans spatial memory and spatial reasoning is more highly developed than
their abstract reasoning.  It's therefore easier to conceptualize this area of
version control when thinking about it from a spatial point of reference.
With this spatial perspective, it's also easier to see family structure,
especially parentage of any given branch.

(6.)  What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Each branch consists of two distinct versions, each with their own additions
and deletions.  When a user merges the branches, each branches additions and
deletions are combined to create a single version which includes the sum
changes of both.
both.
