(1.)  When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Short answer: all the time.  They're perfect when performing any version control in a group.  They're perfect when you want to make a backup copy offsite, somewhere safe.

(2.)  Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You may want to avoid committing some changes you haven't had a chance to
check out yet.  Perhaps they are flawed, or you don't know how they'll affect
the rest of the program.  Perhaps you just don't know if you'll like them
because they were created by someone else working on the project, and you've
yet to know if they're what you want.

(3.)  Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are used only in Github to clone a repository.  Clones are used either
to clone a repository from Github to local, or from local to local.  Branches
are used to create different offshoots within a repository.  Branches may be
used on repositories locally or within Github.

(4.)  What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It might come in handy if you won't have internet access in the near future,
and you want to work with some recent commits from collaborators working on
your repository.

(5.)  How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I've never collaborated on a coding project, on Github or otherwise.  I
imagine without Github there'd be a whole lot more of shipping full
repositories back and forth.  I know large files, such as those written in
machine code, are better for other, non-Git
type version control systems.  So I assume those would be easier to
collaborate on without Git.  Also, projects in which you need to save every two
seconds are better used on non-Git type version control systems.  I imagine
that would still be true.  But wow, Git's powerful when using branching,
merging, and testing code that a collaborater introduced.  It feels impossible
to break your code since you can just jump back to a previous version. 
